Porównanie MPHP, 4CEC, hexenu i dipentylonu do metamfetaminy i kokainy
https://hyperreal.info/talk/porownanie-mphp-4cec-hexenu-i-dipentylonu-do-metamfetaminy-i-kokainy-t70844.html

Stteetart

 8243 /
 1514 /
 2

Porównanie MPHP, 4CEC, hexenu i dipentylonu do metamfetaminy i kokainy
Nieprzeczytany post
autor: Stteetart » 
01 grudnia 2020

 Cytuj

 Zgłoś

xD
Będzie burza. 

A new generation of novel cathinone compounds has been developed as stimulantsubstitutes to avoid drug control laws and detection of use by blood tests.Dipentylone,N-ethylhexedrone, 4-chloroethcathinone (4-CEC), and 40-methyl-α-pyrrolidinohexiophenone (MPHP) were tested for in vivo psychostimulant-likeeffects to assess their abuse liability. Locomotor activity was assessed in an open-field assay using Swiss–Webster mice to screen for locomotor stimulant effects andto identify behaviorally-active dose ranges, times of peak effect, and durations ofaction. Discriminative stimulus effects were assessed in separate groups ofSprague–Dawley rats trained to discriminate cocaine or methamphetamine fromvehicle. Dipentylone,N-ethylhexedrone, 4-CEC, and MPHP dose-dependentlyincreased locomotor activity. Dipentylone,N-ethylhexedrone, and MPHP producedmaximal stimulant effects similar to cocaine and methamphetamine. 4-CEC was lessefficacious, producing peak stimulant effects of about 74% of that of methamphet-amine. The compounds were less potent than methamphetamine and approximatelyequipotent with cocaine. The doses of cocaine, methamphetamine, dipentylone,and 4-CEC that produced peak effects lasted 2 to 3 h, the peak dose ofN-ethylhexedrone lasted 4 h, and the peak dose of MPHP lasted 6 h. All four com-pounds fully substituted for the discriminative stimulus effects of methamphetamineand cocaine, although full substitution by 4-CEC occurred at doses that substantiallydecreased response rate. Only 4-CEC fully substituted for MDMA. These data pro-vide evidence that the novel cathinone compounds dipentylone,N-ethylhexedrone,4-CEC, and MPHP demonstrate potential for abuse as psychostimulants, given theirability to stimulate locomotor activity and their substitution for the discriminativestimulus effects of methamphetamine and cocaine

https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/adb.12987
Art dostepny po oplaceniu
ALE
niektórzy korzystają z tego:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QTT_jWejaEY

Nie namawiam, pokazuje możliwość.
·······························································
vzpe

 398 /
 28 /
 0 

Re: Porównanie MPHP, 4CEC, hexenu i dipentylonu do metamfetaminy i kokainy
Nieprzeczytany post
autor: vzpe » 
26 stycznia 2021

 Cytuj

 Zgłoś

Nie możesz wrzucić pdfa w załączniku?

Uwaga! Użytkownik vzpe nie jest już aktywny na hyperrealu. Nie odpowie na próbę kontaktu, ani nie przeczyta odpowiedzi na post.
